i am thinking to create a reddit channel for all the things related to "the real deal" product.
be it related to os, softwares, ios, android, linux, windows, clothes, lifestype products,living an whatever the crap it is.
Today people are burried without there knowledge under the wave of advertisement and popularity herding that they dont know they are being fooled.
Not its not pleasents vs rich, its about all , 
For example, people at the time of windows 22h2, were frustrated , while other people were using windows iot ltsc , more intelligent were using server with some minor changes.
we recommend people things that are not like those opensource bootlickers or popular/ most marketed item bootlickers, we lick no bodies boots
while others were forced to buy and upgrade their pc hardware with ssd etc as a system requirement, the real deal people were just using windows 8.1 embedded industry pro and riding their 2013 laptops like new with just openshell as an extra install, but the issue was these real deal people were limited, and most were still unknown about the existence of server, iot ltsc or even ltsc , embedded industry pro and were using the latest yet sluggish windows 10 pro for workstation, windows 11 pro/enterprise etc., they could have spend money on ltsc/iot/ server, builds , being very specific like even recommending windows 2016 LTSB builds, and get the real deal, these ltsc/iot/server os are lot more refined and robust after all.
Like recommending second hand mi25 or amd instint mi50 gpu instead of rtx 4090 etc. for particular tasks. 
Mentioning particular details to the point of ram ranks like 1Rx16, 1Rx8, 2Rx8 etc.
we are not limited to any region, country, thing, skill, anything whatever they may be.
**IMPORTANT: the above is just an example , the reddit channel wont be limited to Windows OS only ,but all the things related to "the real deal" product.
be it related to os, softwares, ios, android, linux, windows, clothes, lifestype products,living lifestyle, health, apps, study, academics, and whatever the  hell it is.

TASK: You have to help me curate some starting 30 posts which attract users and increase its REACH.

Note: Refrain from ONLY addressing {above mentioned} examples, and take {above mentioned} examples as a single example of several issues and not as an exhaustive list of issues.

What we don't do ? We don't confuse people with options, people and us know that something is better than the other, and even .00001% better is better, Therefore,
we directly tell them the best thing at the end, we dont give left them confused with all the options.

###IMPORTANT### : Even though the above examples are about tech related, we are not only tech related channel. You must consider these as an explanantion examples and 
you must not limit your thinking to the examples that are provided above.

I will tell you what post's topic has to be, you arent allowed to decide yourself. 
